So class based where effect queuing ensures that traffic classes get fair bandwidth guarantees.
In other words you can guarantee a minimum bandwidth to a GDP a minimum bandwidth to FTB minimum bandwidth
to voice traffic video traffic and so on.
But there's no latency guarantees.
In other words there is no priority queue.
Class based waited for queuing is suitable only for data networks so Cisco developed low latency queuing
or low queue which to give you the full name is pretty key.
Class based waited for queuing.
In other words it's class based.
Waited for queuing with an added priority queue.
So it takes the previous model of class based.
Waited for queuing and adds a queue with strict poverty for real time traffic.
So the idea is as when packets arrive based on a class or classification mechanism that you decide traffic
is put into different classes.
Voice traffic is put into the priority queue and is proud to rise to over other traffic types if DP
HDP and other traffic types are put into their own classes with minimum bandwidth guarantees now to
ensure that the priority queue doesn't starve.
The other queues the priority queue has a minimum bandwidth guarantee but is also policed so it also
has a maximum bandwidth limit.
So when you specify the priority of the low latency party queue that is actually a minimum and maximum
which provides a minimum bandwidth guarantee for voice but also ensures that voice doesn't starve the
other traffic types.